When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
https://github.com/gshawm/CS450/tree/master/Prove01

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most difficult part of this assignment.
The most difficult part of this assignment was to get everything working together. What I mean by this is that I needed to know what containers needed to
be used or what variable types were appropriate for the task at hand. The solution I came up with was crude as best but it got the job done.

3. Briefly describe how you handled the distance between nominal attributes.
This was probably the crudest part, as I simply convert a string to a number and incremented the number. If I ran across a number while in the same group,
I would simply keep it as that number and continue counting from there.

4. Briefly describe your process for handling numeric data on different scales (i.e., normalizing).
I used NumPy's normalize method. So, in other words, I'm not sure how it did it but I know that it was normalized.

5. Describe your results for the Iris data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K? How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?)
Interestingly enough, the smaller the k, the better my results were. At one point they did extremely bad compared to the existing implementation. However, after
point 68, the results evened out again. I'm not entirely sure why this happened either.

6. Describe your results for the Car data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K? How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?)
These results were completely different from the Iris set. Now I have a theory why. My implementation did just as well as the existing implementation. Except
for when k was small, my did worse. However, I think the reason why the majority of the time there were pretty equal was because of converting nominal
attributes to numbers. Now, most of the nominal attributes were small, med, high, etc. so it seems like making them 0, 1, 2, etc. would work well. But I
wouldn't be surprised if that skewed the data.

7. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.
I did create a csv converter to see all the results in a csv file on excel and put them into a graph. Other than that, just a lot of work.

8. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but signficantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

D

9. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I met the requirements but I didn't try to go for much else. Frankly, because I ran out of time. However, I worked very hard to get the results I did and am
very happy with them.